hey guys so I'm here with my August TBR
and this is kinda gonna be a very rough
TBR because I don't know one hundred
percent if i'm going to read these books
there are a few that i definitely will
but it's just kind of the books that i
kind of feel like reading so let's get
into it so the first two books are the
books that I'm actually reading right
now and the first one is love letters to
the dead by Ava de Llera which I am
about 90 pages in I've been reading it
for a few days I've just pretty epic
really slow because I've just been very
busy so I'm hoping to finish this over
the next couple of days though and I am
also reading 1984 by george orwell which
i am reading with dylan from dylan books
and maureen from Maureen TV so yes we
will be reading this together and
discussing it as we go along and it's
great I've already started it and it's
quite interesting so far so we'll see
how it goes but I'm excited and the next
book that I feel like reading this month
is if you find me by Emeli Murdoch I've
heard that this book is a really quick
read because it's not very long it's not
a very long book and it just sounds
really cool and really intriguing and I
just I've been wanting to read more like
mysterious type stuff this is like a why
a mystery with like family issues thrown
in and it just sounds really cool and
also kind of a survival story because
they live in the woods so cool next book
that I feel like reading is the shock of
the fall by nathan filer because I've
heard nothing but good things about this
book and I just I can't wait any longer
I just need to pick it up I know I've
got a lot of books that have been on my
TBR for a long time and I just got this
but I need and one book that I will
definitely be picking up this month is
if I stay by gayle forman because you
know the movies coming out in a few
weeks here coming out in August so I
definitely need to pick up this book and
as you guys obviously know I read a
bunch of gayle forman last month and I
absolutely loved them so hopefully i
will like this book as well I've heard
very mixed things about this so I'm kind
of nervous to go into it but you know
I'll give it a try so ya in the next
book that I have here is forgive me
Leonard Peikoff by Matthew quick I was
planning on picking this up this month
anyway but then Zoe from read by Zoe
asked me if I wanted to read it with her
and I was like yes perfect this is a
perfect plan so I will be reading this
with her and I'm so excited because
Matthew quick is awesome and the premise
of this book is just so intriguing and
beautiful and I just need it in my life
so i'll be reading this at some point
during the month next up another
possible buddy I don't know if we're
actually gonna read this in August
because we haven't really made solid
plans yet but I'm hoping to pick up all
the truth that's in me by Julie very
which I should be reading with Ariel
from ariel beset if we decide to pick it
up this month who really know so that's
why the seeds tpr is really iffy I don't
know don't quote me on anything yes so
I'm hoping to pick this one up and in
the last book that I have picked out
here is the diviners by Libba Bray so I
picked a bunch of really small quick
reads but then also this massive hunk of
a book because it's been on my TBR for a
long time so I'm trying to you know
finally read this I've had it for a
while now I got it a long time ago
obviously it sounds really cool and also
the sequel is coming out at some point
in the future soonish that was very
sketchy I really want to get through
this just in case I love it then I'll be
able to pick up the sequel once it comes
out I guess this wouldn't be the same if
I didn't pick out a book for my TBR dark
even though technically love letters to
the dentist for my cpr on fridays ooh
vampire academy or ask the passengers
you know what i'm going to go with ask
the passengers because i was supposed to
read us the passengers last month then I
didn't get around to it so as the
passengers it is ask the passengers by a
s king will be the last book that I try
and read this month hopefully I'll get
to it sooner rather than later because
it kind of just got pushed all the way
to the back until the month was over so
yes hopefully I'll be able to get to
this one in August as well this is a
wacky TV are but hopefully it into it
but yes that is it for this video today
you guys and I will see you soon with a
tag or some kind of random fun video um
we'll see yeah okay I'll see you later
guys bye